-- Abstract (100-250 words) 
Summarize the project task and your most important ndings. For exam-
ple, include sentences like \In this project we investigated the performance of linear regression models for
predicting comment popularity on Reddit", \We found that ?? features improved performance and that the
gradient descent approach was faster/slower than the closed-form approach.


-- Introduction (5+ sentences) 
Summarize the project task, the dataset, and your most important nd-
ings. This should be similar to the abstract but more detailed. You can also include extra background
information and citations to relevant work (e.g., other papers analyzing Reddit or predicting post/comment
popularity).

-- Dataset (5+ sentences) 
Very briey describe the dataset (e.g., size, train/val/test split proportions) and
how you extracted the text features. Describe the new features you come up with in detail. Highlight any
possible ethical concerns that might arise when working with a public social media dataset of this variety.
Note: You do not need to explicitly verify that the data satises the i.i.d. assumption (or any of the other
formal assumptions for linear regression).

-- Results (7+ sentences, possibly with gures or tables) 
Describe the results of all the experiments
mentioned in Task 3 (at a minimum) as well as any other interesting results you nd. At a minimum you
must report:
1. A runtime comparison between the gradient descent and closed-form solution approaches.
2. The train and validation mean-squared errors for a model with no text features, a model that uses the
text features but is restricted to only using the top-60 words, and a model that uses the full 160 word
occurrence features.
3. The train, validation, and test performance of a model that incorporates your new features.
4

-- Discussion and Conclusion (5+ sentences) 
Summarize the key takeaways from the project and pos-
sibly directions for future investigation.

-- Statement of Contributions (1-3 sentences) 
State the breakdown of the workload across the team
members.